Improve Core docs - Closes #1407 (#1420)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/configuration.adoc

:url_config_structure: reference/cli.adoc#structure
:url_docker: management/docker.adoc
:url_enable_pom: management/enabling-misbehavior-report.adoc
:url_management_forging: management/forging.adoc
:url_pm2_restart: management/pm2.adoc#refreshing-restarting-lisk-core
:url_source: management/source.adoc
:url_sdk_plugins: lisk-sdk::plugins/index.adoc

NOTE: A complete command reference with all available options for starting Lisk Core can be found in the xref:{url_config_start}[Lisk Core CLI].

== Using a network-specific default configuration

> To quickly connect to a specific network with Lisk Core, specify the desired network with the `--network` or `-n` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly connect your Lisk Core node to a specific network, specify the desired network with the `--network` or `-n` flag.
```

This will use the default config file for the specific network when starting Lisk Core.
The default configurations are located in the `config` folder of Lisk Core.

[source,bash]
----
$ lisk-core start --network=NETWORK <1>
----

<1> `NETWORK` may be `mainnet`, `testnet` or `devnet`.

== Using a custom config file

Lisk Core uses the default config for connecting to the Mainnet by default.

However, it is possible to use Lisk Core with a custom config, by specifying the path to the config file with the `--config` or `-c` flag.

The custom config file needs to follow the JSON config structure of Lisk Core.
A straightforward and easy method is to copy one of the network-specific default configs of Lisk Core and adjust it to your requirements.

./home/lisk/
[source,bash]
----
cp .lisk/lisk-core/config/testnet/config.json custom-config.json
vim custom-config.json
----

> NOTE: If the node will connect to the Mainnet, change `testnet` to `mainnet` in the snippet above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you intend to connect the node to the Mainnet, change `testnet` to `mainnet` in the snippet above.
```

[source,bash]
----
$ lisk-core start --config=/home/lisk/custom-config.json --overwrite-config
----

> NOTE: Remember to xref:{url_pm2_restart}[restart] the node properly, to change to the new config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Remember to xref:{url_pm2_restart}[restart] the node for the new config changes to take effect.
```
